The BOT consists of the following programs :

1. AccountTraversing.py
2. Comment.py
3. Follow.py
4. HashtagTraversing.py
5. Unfollow.py

You can use any of these according to your needs. A brief description of each will be given below.


ACCOUNT TRAVERSING :

This program targets a list of instagram accounts which will be given by you. It opens those accounts and
likes and comments on a certain number of posts of that account. The number of posts to be interacted can
also be entered directly by you. Read the detailed documentation by opening AccountTraversing.py in notepad
or notepad++. 


HASHTAG TRAVERSING :

This program targets a list of instagram hashtags which will be given by you. It opens the TOP posts with the hashtag and
likes and comments on a certain number of posts of that particular hashtag. The number of posts to be interacted can
also be entered directly by you. Read the detailed documentation by opening HashtagTraversing.py in notepad
or notepad++.

COMMENT:

This program targets a list of instagram hashtags which will be given by you. It opens the RECENT posts with the hashtag and
likes and comments on a certain number of posts of that particular hashtag. The number of posts to be interacted can
also be entered directly by you. Read the detailed documentation by opening Comment.py in notepad
or notepad++.  

FOLLOW:

This program targets a list of instagram hashtags which will be given by you. It opens the RECENT posts with the hashtag and
follows the accounts of that particular hashtag. The number of accounts to be interacted can
also be entered directly by you.It will store the followed accounts in a text file named "AccountsFollowed.txt".
Read the detailed documentation by opening Follow.py in notepad or notepad++. 

UNFOLLOW :

This program should only be run after the FOLLOW program. It will make use of the "AccountsFollowed.txt" file created by FOLLOW
program and unfollow all of the accounts which were followed by the FOLLOW program. Make sure to delete the "AccountsFollowed.txt"
file after this program is completed running. Read the detailed documentation by opening Unfollow.py in notepad or notepad++. 